Hello,

Thank you for providing this information.

Upon further review, we've identified additional issues that require your attention:

Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

The app requires users to provide personal information that is not directly relevant to the app's core functionality.

Apps should only require users to provide information that is necessary for the app to function. If information is useful for a non-essential feature, apps may request the information but make it optional.

Examples of app concepts and inappropriate required information:

- A general shopping app that requires the user's marital status
- A rideshare app that requires the user's gender

Next Steps

Update the app to not require users to provide the following personal information:

- Date of birth
- Phone number

Resources

Learn more about data collection and storage requirements in guideline 5.1.1.

Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.

We look forward to reviewing your resubmission.

Best regards,

App Review
